72 consolidate graph style api pages (#141)
FAIRmat-NFDI/nomad-docs: docs/howto/manage/program/graph-api/query.archive.md

}
```

The first thing to note here is that the reference string has been normalized to `uploads/RzWMitKESo2dQmuE6uQB-Q/entries/x36WdKPMctUOkjXMyV8oQq2zWcSx/archive/run/0/calculation/2`.

> By default, the 'extra' data requested (here, the resolved data) will be added to the response under a fixed path: `uploads/<upload_id>/entries/<entry_id>/archive/<path_to_data>`.

Reviewer: Had to re-read this to understand what "fixed path" meant.

```suggestion
By default, the 'extra' data requested (here, the resolved data) will be added under the response path: `uploads/<upload_id>/entries/<entry_id>/archive/<path_to_data>`. This applies, even when this path differs from the one specified in the original request.
```

This fixed path is not affected by any other factors, even if it is a reference to the same entry.
This is a valid path that can be used to access the data in the **same** response.
The motivation is to produce a response that is as self-contained as possible.

The second thing to note is that the target `calculation` contains a further reference `method_ref` that points to the method used for the calculation.
This reference is also resolved, and the corresponding data is fetched and included in the response.
In general, whenever the `resolved` directive is specified, all references will be recursively resolved such that the response contains all the data that is reachable from the original reference.

#### Controlling Reference Resolution

> However, it is **not always** desired to resolve all references.

Reviewer: I would not use "However" when starting a new sub-chapter.

```suggestion
It is **not always** desired to resolve all references.
```
